Foehammer - Black Box Retrieval
Cressidium
25.04.5016u
https://i.imgur.com/l9rh37Z.png

# Nov Elysia // 25.04.5016u 1200

# **[BEGIN TRANSMISSION LOG — FOEHAMMER | 25.04.5016u // 11:45 ]**  
> **STATUS**: LIVE COMMUNICATION RECORD  
> **DROPSHIP**:"FOEHAMMER"  
> **CREW**: PILOT CALLSIGN “MERYN”, CO-PILOT “COSTAU”, DOOR GUNNER “CORBEC”  

---

**[11:45:08 ]**  
**MERYN**:  
> All right, the skies are shot to shit, think it's as worse as we're ever gonna get.

**COSTAU**:  
> Radar is off the charts and comms are down but all systems are green. Squad is suited up and asses are sat.

**CORBEC**:  
> I need some spirits after this shit.

**MERYN**:  
> It'll be on me when we make it out

---

**[11:45:44 ]**  
**UNS CHANNEL OPEN - ID: 1LT. A. KIM**  
> **"Foehammer, this is Lt. Alex Kim. I have a lancer squad in need of assistance, they are engaged near these coordinates. You are clear for drop. Reinforce immediately. Copy?"**

**MERYN**:  
> Foehammer copies. We are beginning descent and squad at the back is locked and loaded.

**CORBEC**:  
> Better hope they left some action for us.

---

**[11:46:11 ]**  
**COSTAU**:  
> Turbulence on point, signals are all over the place.

**MERYN**:  
> Try the long-range, should still work.

**COSTAU**:  
> *[Static crackle]* Hullbreakers, this is Foehammer on approach. We are on descent but we have no visual read, please confirm your location.

**MERYN**:  
> The fuck is happening over there? Heavy jamming, no read. We're punching through with no location locked. This crew owes me a pint.

**[11:46:16]**  
**CORBEC**  
> Something’s moving out there, I can only see them barely. Looks like a train depo-SMOKE IN THE AIR! EVADE!

---

**[11:46:23 ]**  
**—ALERT: MISSLE LOCK DETECTED—**  
**—IMPACT ON PORT ENGINE—**  
**—PRIMARY THRUSTERS FAILING—**

---

**[11:46:27 ]**  
**MERYN**:  
> Mayday! This is Foehammer! We're losing altitude—engines are out!

**CORBEC**:  
> The fuck was that?! I didn't see fixed anti-air there!

**COSTAU**:  
> We're spiraling—no control—Meryn, all hands brace now!

---

# **[END TRANSMISSION — SIGNAL LOST AT 11:46:35 ]**  
> **LAST KNOWN COORDINATES**: UNKNOWN 
> **STATUS**:FOEHAMMER — DOWNED  
> **SURVIVORS**: UNKNOWN  
