# UNS Rio Grande // 18.03.5016u
A provisional squadron provided from dossiers sent to Captain Farris has been formed and transferred onto the ship.

"Is this really what we have left?"
- Captain Farris

# UNS Rio Grande // 25.04.5016u 0600

***ABIGAIL*** uses their downtime to capture images of the sun, almost narrowly missed. ***JACK***'s serene calm listening to his album were disrupted by both ***QUINCY***'s loud snoring and ***LYSANDER***'s metalwork. ***Koryu*** was seen staring out into a viewport by baffled crewmembers, one commented that Ambassador Nilan was seen talking to him.

# UNS Rio Grande // 25.04.5016u 0630

The provisional squad received orders that they will be providing escort for Captain Farris and Ambassador Nilan during their diplomatic mission down Nov Elysia. Orders stated that the squad will only provide escort and be used as displays of power. 

Rules of Engagement: Do not fire unless fired upon.

Threat Probability: None

Dropship 'Glamdring' has been re-assigned to transport the provisional squadron unto Nov Elysia.

# Cressidium Atmosphere // 25.04.5016u 0800

During descent into atmosphere, ***PRIMROSE*** noted that during descent they experienced signal jamming. 'Gladmring' acknowledged the comment but noted no major disruption. The rest of squad echoed in agreement.

# Cressidium Atmosphere // 25.04.5016u 0815

After stabilize in atmosphere, 'Glamdring' and its occupants begin to experience heavy visual and signal jamming before shortly coming under heavy enemy fire. The dropship begins to undergo evasive maneuvers but a thermal lance cuts through the hull and pierces through the engines, forcing rapid descent. ***EXCESSIVE EYESORE*** fails to lock unto the dropship and is knocked prone but the rest of the squad stand prepared.

# Kirmani Plaza // 25.04.5016u 0817

'Glamdring' crashes into Kirmani Plaza, far off course from intended drop zone. Pilot Farina and the provisional squadron survive superficial injuries and are fully operational. Rest of the crew are deemed K.I.A. 

Pilot Farina has been transferred to ***PRIMROSE*** as they come under unknown enemy fire.

# Kirmani Plaza 25.04.5016u XXXX

Combat Analysis:

***SILVER BULLET***
Confirmed Kills: Three

***ZEALOT***
Confirmed Kills: One

***PRIMROSE***
Confirmed Kills: One

***UNDERDOG***
Confirmed Kills: One

***PONY***
Confirmed Kills: None
Capture Enemy Combatant: One


# Kirmani Plaza 25.04.5016u 0900

***PRIMROSE*** manages to establish contact uplink with the UNS Rio Grande.

1st Lt. ***ALEX KIM*** informs them of the situation. The Vestan Sovereignty is attacking the Leandric Systems Alliance at Nov Elysia disrupting any negotiations.

Captain ***FARRIS*** and Ambassador ***NILAN*** are considered M.I.A.

The provisional squad now codenamed as ***HULLBREAKERS*** are tasked to rendezvous at FOB Saber.








